# Chrono Code Collection
This is a collection of the code required in the Chrono system. The Chrono system is a way of managing work flow asynchronously from Salesforce through Google Sheets.

How this works is there is an automated scraper in AHK which will get Salesforce reports by opening to their pages, then paste them into the Auto Updater. This updater will identify the Salesforce report by Team Name and Sheet by naming the report appropriately. i.e. "DOS: Permit" where DOS stands for the Permit Team and Permit stands for the Permit backlog page in their Google Sheet.

Once the Report is moved to it's destination, the destination Chrono will format the Salesforce report information into a Google Sheet page generally known as "The Report Page" where supervisors and leads will be able to work on it. Here the needs of the Team are addressed where the Salesforce report information can become oragnized by dates to be able to work the earliest accounts first down to the latest accounts, see who was and is assigned to anyone account and what information the designer needs to convey back to supervisors and leads.

A final tool known as Ally acts as the interface and assignment tool for the Designer to the Chrono. Ally presents the means for a designer to assign themselves work from the Chrono Report Page. Then the designer can update statuses about how the account is being worked back to the Chrono Report with buttons such as "Reject", "On Hold", and "Complete". There is a field in Ally as well for designers to be able to input Notes about an account. This is used to be able to provide leads and supervisors with information as to any hold ups with an account. i.e. "The account cannot be completed because not all of the information needed is there."

This system sought to fix previous issues with how designers received work. The before process was to go to the Report in Salesforce directly, open the record, and assign it to yourself. On occasion the designer would have collisions with a co-worker where they both assigned themselves the same account and eventually find out about it several minutes up to an hour into the account.

Supervisors and leads were not able to assess the status of any particular account with this system and would have to reach out to their designers directly to be able to know where any account is, why it wasn't completed, or what is taking it so long to get done. This problem was inconflict with some of the other responsibilities of leads and supervisors where the greater majority of their job is communictaing with Sales teams and other management. The ability for designers to be able to place notes on an account to assess the status of it saves the supervisors and leads more time, provides more autonomy to the designer, and more work can be done in other areas.

Some of the other big benefits of this system was the removal of "Cherry Picking" where before, designers would look at the next account that needed to be done and would assess if it was an account that they really wanted to deal with. This would lead to some designers constantly picking easy work while other members of their team would be left the hard jobs or hard jobs would just not end up completed until they are overdue. Ally, does not provide the designer with the means to see their upcoming accounts and thus they cannot assess if the next account is easy or hard. That shouldn't matter and the account should just get done.

Other features of the Chrono and Ally relationship include that for supervisors and leads they can set filters for how Ally assigns accounts to designers. This feature saves a lot of time in areas where there are constantly shifting policies on the work being done. i.e. "We need to prevent this team from doing accounts in this area due to a policy change." or "We need all teams to do these areas because of a high volume of work."

Another time saving feature of the Chrono and Ally is supervisors and leads can set accounts as priority where needed to be able to ensure that those accounts are worked before any other account. Before, a supervisor or lead would need to manually assign out these accounts to designers on their team. This process usually involved asking for who was available and assigning it. Although this may still happen, if the account is Priority it will be assigned first to the next designer grabbing an assignment in Ally.
